README.md, before:

# Sb::Cli

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/sb/cli`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sb-cli'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install sb-cli

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'careful-illustrator-5297'/sb-cli. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Sb::Cli project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'careful-illustrator-5297'/sb-cli/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

added some stuff to the read me

README.md, after:

# Sb::Cli
Hello Welcome to my Pokedex Read-Me
This is a Pokedex Gem that has the ability to show pokemon in a list and some details about them. 
Within this gem we can also look up some moves and move stats
The list is limited to the first 151 pokemon, but can wasily be tweaked to show all
-coming soon-
Planning on adding types of pokeballs as well as sorting types with the correct pokemon
as well as adding a team builder


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sb-cli'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install sb-cli

## Usage

After installing the gem, you can run it by typing ./bin/sb which will open the 
pokedex and give a list of propmpts. We can look at pokemon as well as several moves.

To get rid of the limit on pokemon being listed just change out the arrays that are uncommented 
with the ones being usedin the pre battle method.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'careful-illustrator-5297'/sb-cli. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Sb::Cli project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'careful-illustrator-5297'/sb-cli/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
